{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf440
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f2\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13080\viewh14580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx10800\tx12960\pardeftab720\li720\ri-1440\sl480\qj\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx10800\tx12960\pardeftab720\li720\ri-1440\qr\pardirnatural
\cf0 Jordan Anderson \
anders.jordan@gmail.com\
10987 SE 28th Ave Apt B\
Milwaukie, Oregon 97222\
503-701-9610\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx10800\tx12960\pardeftab720\li720\ri-1440\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx10800\tx12960\pardeftab720\li720\ri-1440\qc\pardirnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Education
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx10800\tx12960\pardeftab720\li720\ri-1440\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
MA in English, with Merit, King's College London			\
London, England\
January 2007, Thesis comparing the work of Thomas Hardy and William Blake. Awarded small grant by English department to speak at a conference (see below).\
\
Bachelor of Liberal Arts, Harvard University Extension School\
Cambridge, Massachusetts\
June 2004, Field of study: English and American literature and language. Dean's list; coursework in history of science, law and ethics, mathematics.\
\
Graduate Record Examination: 1390 (720 Verbal, 670 Mathematics, 5.5 Analytical)
\f2\i \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx10800\tx12960\pardeftab720\li720\ri-1440\qc\pardirnatural

\f1\i0\b \cf0 Publications and experience
\f2\i\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx10800\tx12960\pardeftab720\li720\ri-1440\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx10800\tx12960\pardeftab720\li720\ri-1440\qj\pardirnatural

\f0\i0 \cf0 "Words Become Flesh," 17th Thomas Hardy Conference, Dorchester, Dorset, UK, July 2006. (www.hardysociety.org). Article of about 4000 words presented on Hardy's 
\f2\i Tess of the d'Urbervilles 
\f0\i0 to scholars on, and people with a general interest in, the author's work.\
\
"The Architecture of the Grave," 
\f2\i The Hardy Society Journal, 
\f0\i0 March 2005, pp. 24-32. (Article on Thomas Hardy's 
\f2\i Jude the Obscure, 
\f0\i0 also accepted to 
\f2\i The Thomas Hardy Journal)
\f0\i0 \
\
Collection, 
\f2\i The 1001 Books You Must Read Before You Die 
\f0\i0 (Quintet Publishing, London). Contributed reviews on novels by Orhan Pamuk, Arnold Zweig, and Gabriele D'Annunzio. May 2006\
\
For 
\f2\i The Quarterly Conversation 
\f0\i0 (www.quarterlyconversation.com--covers contemporary world literature, particularly work recently translated into English.)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx10800\tx12960\pardeftab720\li1440\ri-1440\qj\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 1)
\f0\i0  Review of Norberto Fuentes's 
\f2\i The Autobiography of Fidel Castro, 
\f0\i0 forthcoming\

\f2\i 2)
\f0\i0  Review of Patrik Ou\uc0\u345 edn\'92k's 
\f2\i Case Closed, 
\f0\i0 forthcoming \

\f2\i 3)
\f0\i0  "A Dark Dream of Life: Joao Guimaraes Rosa's 
\f2\i Grande Sertao: Veredas" 
\f0\i0 June 2010 (4000 words). Discusses rare novel by important Brazilian author. \

\f2\i 4)
\f0\i0  "The Limits of Human Memory: On Proust and Javier Mar\'92as," September 2009 (4500 words). Examines how both authors explore themes of memory and language in their work.\

\f2\i 5)
\f0\i0  Review of Friedrich Durrenmatt's 
\f2\i The Assignment, 
\f0\i0 March 2009\

\f2\i 6)
\f0\i0  Review of Julien Gracq's 
\f2\i King Cophetua, 
\f0\i0 November 2008
\f2\i \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx10800\tx12960\pardeftab720\li720\ri-1440\qj\pardirnatural

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
Reader, Hunger Mountain (journal of the arts for the Vermont College of Fine Arts). March 2010 - \
Reading and reviewing manuscripts for potential publication with the journal.\
\
Writer, Foxy Digitalis. Music website covering experimental music; one review/feature or more per week. February 2010 - \
\
Site representative for film, 
\f2\i The Disembodied. 
\f0\i0 Oversaw relationship between film crew and house being used as film set. Fall 2008.\
\
Internships in account management and education, Mediabistro.com. December 2004 - May 2005\
With job search website for publishing and media companies in New York City. Responsibilities included grant research, account management, finding and renting locations for seminars on freelance writing and publishing, designing an internship manual with a fellow intern.\
\
Office assistant, Scott Anderson DMD. \
Helped with office work in my father's oral and maxillofacial surgery practice in Portland, Oregon over summer 2003 (and one summer in high school).\
\
Computer lab monitor; Stock-room monitor (two separate jobs), School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston/Tufts University.\
Maintaining and teaching students to use Macintosh computer equipment and helping students with technical equipment at SMFA, Boston. October 2001 - May 2002.\
\
Additional jobs: worked as a teacher's assistant my senior year of high school for a local elementary school class; worked construction (rebuilding a cabin) summers 2003 and 2004.\
\
Volunteer work with Oregon Food Bank, 7900 NE 93rd Drive, Portland, OR 97211\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx10800\tx12960\pardeftab720\li720\ri-1440\qj\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 \
}