{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;\red34\green71\blue192;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf2 Kristen A. McEachern\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \ul \ulc3 7820 SE 45th Ave\cf2 \ulnone \
\cf3 \ul Portland, OR 97206\cf2 \ulnone \
\cf3 \ul (225)337-8617\cf2 \ulnone \
kadm1457@yahoo. com\
\
Employment History\
\
2012-2013\
West\'a0Feliciana\'a0Hospital\
Admissions Clerk\
\'a0\
Duties Included: Greeted and checked in all patients for services including: x-rays, out patients services, in patient services, labs, ER visits, sleep studies, observations and invasive procedures. I was responsible for\'a0inputting\'a0the patients data and\'a0insurances\'a0as well asverifying\'a0the claims an processing it.\
\'a0\
2010-2012\
Lagniappe Steak and Seafood Restaurant\
Waitress/Hostess\
\
Duties Included: Greeting and serving customers both dine in and take out along with handling and processing all money collected for said orders. \'a0\
\
2008-2010\
Dr. Neil Smith (Neurologist)\
Office Coordinator\'a0\
\
Duties Included: Handling scheduling of all appointments to be seen by the doctor and referrals to other facilities, handling insurance claims and payments, handling all money coming into as well as going out, in charge of all medical records in the building.\'a0\
\
2006-2008\'a0\
Lagniappe Steak and Seafood Restaurant\
Waitress/Hostess\
\
Duties Included: Greeting and serving customers both dine in and take out as well as handling and processing all money collected for said orders.\'a0\
\
2004-2006\
Hancock Bank\
Full Time Teller/Vault Teller\
\
Duties Included: handling all cash transactions coming into and leaving the bank, handled deposits, withdrawals, check cashing, in charge of main vault on premises, coordinated all money to be held in bank vault and all money shipped out of vault, greeted all customers with respect and handled every transaction with care.\'a0\
\
2001-2004\
Victoria's Secret- Mall of Louisiana\
Stockroom Manager\
\
Duties Included: Handling all merchandise for the store, in charge of setting up all advertisements in store, signing for all shipments made to store, organization of stock room and in charge of setup and stock of the sales floor.\'a0\
\
1999-2001\
Sammy's Bar and Grill\
Waitress\
\
Duties Included: Greeting and serving customers both dine in and take out and handling and processing all money collected for said orders.\'a0\
\
Objective\
\
My name is Kristen McEachern. I am a very energetic and outgoing individual. I am a\'a0veryhard worker and in any position I hold I strive to be the very best at what I do. I try to make the work environment an enjoyable atmosphere as well as having the job done efficiently and in a timely manner. I am looking for the next step in my life and to have a job that I know I can be an asset to.}